<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->    
# InputHandler autogenerated CLI readme

## tool, library, and generated CLI author 
Douglas Quigg (dstroy0 dquigg123@gmail.com)

## user
Douglas (retrieved using os.getlogin())

## brief 
This file is meant to familiarize you with using cli_gen_tool to integrate the generated CLI.  
This readme file was generated by InputHandler's cli_gen_tool.  

## version
1.0

## date
2022-12-29

## copyright
Copyright (c) 2022

## license 
GNU GPL3  
Copyright (c) 2022 Douglas Quigg (dstroy0) <dquigg123@gmail.com>  
This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or  
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License  
version 3 as published by the Free Software Foundation.  

## purpose
This tool is meant to assist in constructing/sharing interfaces using InputHandler.  

## docs
Documentation for the LIBRARY is available [here](https://dstroy0.github.io/InputHandler/lib/index.html)  
Documentation for the TOOL is available [here](https://dstroy0.github.io/InputHandler/cli_gen_tool/index.html)  

## help
If you don't see a topic relevant to your issue, please create a new discussion here: [InputHandler help/issue discussion](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/discussions/categories/help-issue-discussion)  
Debugging assistance is available here: [InputHandler help/issue discussion](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/discussions)  

## feature requests
To request a new feature please create a new discussion here: [InputHandler Ideas](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/discussions/categories/ideas)  

## bug reporting
Please report bugs in the TOOL using this bug report form: [tool bug report format](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/blob/main/tools/bug_report.md) [tool bug report forum](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/discussions/59)  
Please report bugs in the LIBRARY using this bug report form: [library bug report format](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/blob/main/src/bug_report.md) [library bug report forum](https://github.com/dstroy0/InputHandler/discussions/60)  

## disclaimer
Use this library, and any included tools at your own risk!  
The library's authors are not responsible for any damages which arise from the use of this tool (cli_gen_tool.py or its binaries) or library (InputHandler and dependencies).  
The software (InputHandler library and cli_gen_tool.py and associated dependencies) conveys NO warranty of any kind, implied or otherwise.  
The user is ultimately responsible for configuring and implementing their own interface.  

## interface creation instructions
When first creating an interface, it is best practice to set an output stream, buffer size, and enable all builtins.
This makes debugging commands easy, it is trivial to disable output after verifying the interface behaves as intended.

## generated code

```cpp
    
// copy/paste these preprocessor statements into your include section or at the top of your *.ino
#include "CLI/setup.h" 
```
These are wrappers generated for argument retrieval, or to put custom statements that run on command entry.  
Copy/Paste these functions into your code before setup():  

```cpp
    
void test(UserInput* _inputHandler) 
{
    // your statements here
}

void testa(UserInput* _inputHandler) 
{
    // your statements here
}

void testb(UserInput* _inputHandler) 
{
    // your statements here
}

void testc(UserInput* _inputHandler) 
{
    // your statements here
}

void testbb_return_values(UserInput* _inputHandler) 
{
    // your statements here
}

```
Copy/Paste this statement into your setup() function, after initializing any Streams that you plan on using with the interface you build:  

```cpp
    InputHandler_setup();
```  

Copy/Paste this statement into your loop() function:  

```cpp
    InputHandler_loop();
```  

